Close #743, #744 (#745)
easystats/parameters: NEWS.md

# parameters 0.18.x

## New functions

* New function `dominance_analysesis()`, to compute dominance analysis 
  statistics and designations.

## Changes to functions

> * Argument `ci_random` in `model_parameters()` defaults to `NULL` and uses a
>   heuristic to determine if random effects confidence intervals take longer
>   time to compute or not, and automatically includes or excludes those
>   confidence intervals. Set `ci_random` to `TRUE` or `FALSE` to explicitly
>   calculate or omit confidence intervals for random effects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Argument `ci_random` in `model_parameters()` defaults to `NULL`. It uses a
  heuristic to determine if random effects confidence intervals are likely to
  take a long time to compute, and automatically includes or excludes those
  confidence intervals. Set `ci_random` to `TRUE` or `FALSE` to explicitly
  calculate or omit confidence intervals for random effects.
```
